OSDOCS#4604: Document troubleshooting Network Observability (#53713)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/network_observability/troubleshooting-network-observability.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-troubleshooting"]
= Troubleshooting Network Observability
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: network-observability-troubleshooting

toc::[]

> To assist in troubleshooting a failed Network Observability components, you can perform some troubleshooting actions.

Reviewer: What about something more generic here ?

```suggestion
To assist in troubleshooting Network Observability issues, you can perform some troubleshooting actions.
```

I just want to avoid any confusion since you can have issues while components appear "Running"

Author: Addressed

include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-after-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-flowlogs-pipeline-kafka.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-network-flow.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 2: The three links are showing up as one line wrapping.  Use bullet items.

Author: As per docs guidelines, we may not use bullet items here. I have added space so that it doesn't look like one-line wrapping.

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installing-troubleshooting"]
= Troubleshooting Network Observability
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: network-observability-troubleshooting

toc::[]

To assist in troubleshooting Network Observability issues, you can perform some troubleshooting actions.

include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-after-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-flowlogs-pipeline-kafka.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-network-flow.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-controller-manager-pod-out-of-memory.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-lokistack-rate-limits.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-maximum-series-for-single-query.adoc[leveloffset=+1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-maximum-series-for-single-query.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```

Author: Addressed

include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-delay-time-records.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-gprc-message-larger-than-max.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-wide-time-range-queries.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 3: @xenolinux - as discussed in sprint planning meeting these last 3 modules needs to be removed? cc @jotak @jpinsonneau

Reviewer 4: I think it's not just the last three, there's also the `rate-limits` one and the `maximum-series-for-single-query` one, right?

Reviewer 4: and the `stream-limits` one

Reviewer 4: basically: everything that involves dumping the base64-decoded configmap

Reviewer 3: okay, I wasn't sure about `rate-limits` and the `maximum-series-for-single-query` since those are supported to be modified via LokiStack CRD, may be for those dumping the base64-decoded configmap procedure needs to be removed but user can still update those via CRD, wdyt?

Reviewer 4: Yeah, my main concern is to not mention the hacky method of dumping the configmap - mentioning modifying the LokiStack CRD would work but given the doc freeze coming, I guess it's simpler to just remove them for now. As said in our meeting, we can incrementally add items here later - as we get more customer feedback.

Reviewer 3: Sounds good, I agree. Thanks.

> include::modules/troubleshooting-network-observability-wide-time-range-queries.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 3: @xenolinux - this should be all set from QE once these modules are removed?

Author: Addressed
